Cross-project reference (via "project" dependency) requires upstream public model (#4816)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/collaborate/govern/project-dependencies.md

In order to add project dependencies and resolve cross-project `ref`, you must:
- Use dbt v1.6 or higher for **both** the upstream ("producer") project and the downstream ("consumer") project.

> - Define models in an upstream ("producer") project that are configured with [`access: public`](/reference/resource-configs/access)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Define models in an upstream ("producer") project that are set up with [`access: public`](/reference/resource-configs/access)
```
